README.md, before:

# SaltyRTC Demo

Small demo application with a web interface and an Android app that communicate
over the signaling channel as well as via WebRTC.

<img src="web/screenshot.png" width="455">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="android/screenshot.png" width="252">

The default configuration uses a test server instance provided at
`wss://server.saltyrtc.org:9287`. You can also use your own.

Note that you might need to configure a TURN server if you want to test complex
network setups that can't be resolved using STUN.

## Usage

### Web

Prerequisites: npm version >= 3

Install dependencies:

    $ npm install

First, adjust the `HOST` and `PORT` variables in the `scripts.js` file and
point them to a [SaltyRTC server][server] instance. Then simply open
`index.html` in a modern web browser with support for WebRTC and ES2015.

### Android

Make sure that the Android SDK is installed and configured properly.

Then, adjust the `HOST` and `PORT` variables in the
`app/src/main/java/org/saltyrtc/demo/app/Config.java` file and point them to a
[SaltyRTC server][server] instance.

Finally, connect an Android 5.0+ device with USB debugging enabled to your
computer and run the following command:

    $ ./gradlew assembleDebug installDebug


## License

    Copyright (c) 2016 Threema GmbH

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, <see LICENSE-APACHE file>
    or the MIT license <see LICENSE-MIT file>, at your option. This file may not be
    copied, modified, or distributed except according to those terms.


[server]: https://github.com/saltyrtc/saltyrtc-server-python "SaltyRTC Server"

Commit message:

README: Add note about trusted keys

README.md, after:

# SaltyRTC Demo

Small demo application with a web interface and an Android app that communicate
over the signaling channel as well as via WebRTC.

<img src="web/screenshot.png" width="455">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="android/screenshot.png" width="252">

The default configuration uses a test server instance provided at
`wss://server.saltyrtc.org:9287`. You can also use your own.

Note that you might need to configure a TURN server if you want to test complex
network setups that can't be resolved using STUN.

Note also that this demo application only uses hardcoded trusted peer keys. In
practice, you would want to initialize a session using an auth token.

## Usage

### Web

Prerequisites: npm version >= 3

Install dependencies:

    $ npm install

First, adjust the `HOST` and `PORT` variables in the `scripts.js` file and
point them to a [SaltyRTC server][server] instance. Then simply open
`index.html` in a modern web browser with support for WebRTC and ES2015.

### Android

Make sure that the Android SDK is installed and configured properly.

Then, adjust the `HOST` and `PORT` variables in the
`app/src/main/java/org/saltyrtc/demo/app/Config.java` file and point them to a
[SaltyRTC server][server] instance.

Finally, connect an Android 5.0+ device with USB debugging enabled to your
computer and run the following command:

    $ ./gradlew assembleDebug installDebug


## License

    Copyright (c) 2016 Threema GmbH

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, <see LICENSE-APACHE file>
    or the MIT license <see LICENSE-MIT file>, at your option. This file may not be
    copied, modified, or distributed except according to those terms.


[server]: https://github.com/saltyrtc/saltyrtc-server-python "SaltyRTC Server"
